You hurried all the way to Nakashita City
I shouldn't have had time to prepare a gift yet.
This is a gift I specially selected from the War God Mansion
latex inner Dan
Since the travel engagement
You can't come to the door empty-handed
This is for emergencies
It should be enough.
Although not precious
But barely anything
Ye Feifan Pepper is ranked among the four fierce beasts
Super exotic beasts after the ten demonic beasts
strength
Even my adults
They were all seriously injured when they saw Zhanhu Reef
Just one hand
If you enter the ancient realm
Not even qualified to live
A mere guard of the Crown Prince
How dare you not pay attention to the tiger
You are really Xiaoxiao enough
Adults are not convinced
Retire for my own sake
Please also accept
For the sake of your gift to me
I allow you to make a request
I hope you can attend
I served as the emperor's banquet for the middle and lower governors
I personally wrote this invitation.
There is only this one in the whole middle and lower.
I will think about it.
Supreme Lord
I'm one step closer to you